There is important information to be handed over in the ancient city
I'm going to the arraignment
I go too I know him
Save more useful evidence
But do you have any better options now?
Okay, you can go to the arraignment
But it's agreed that you are not allowed to participate in this operation
Hu Chengxiong said
He knew the true purpose of Mr. Ji's visit to Southern Province
Be honest
What exactly is Mr. Ji going to do in Southern Province?
Hu Chengxiong, if the information you provide is valuable
Your criminal law will be tightened accordingly
Ten heads are enough for what I did
No commutation necessary
I have only one request.
I want to dedicate my soul
You are not qualified to negotiate terms with a strong stomach
I suggest you better disinfect it quickly.
Your trial is in three days
Good idea.
Then you send me back to rest
I'm so spirited to go on the road to repair the ancient city
If you want to see Linger, I can apply for you.
But with your current attitude
I'm afraid you won't even see him for the last time
Let's go
This gentleman came to South Province to see me